availability recovery type name clarifications (#4203)
paritytech/polkadot: roadmap/implementers-guide/src/node/availability/availability-recovery.md

## Functionality

> We hold a state which tracks the currently ongoing recovery tasks, as well as which request IDs correspond to which taks. An recovery task is a structure encapsulating all interaction with the network necessary to recover the available data in respect to one candidate.

Reviewer: A recovery task

> /// This is a future, which concludes either when a response is received from the interaction,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
/// This is a future, which concludes either when a response is received from the recovery task,
```

/// or all the `awaiting` channels have closed.
struct RecoveryHandle {
    candidate_hash: CandidateHash,

>     interaction_response: RemoteHandle<Concluded>,

Reviewer 2: this is called `remote`

#### `AvailabilityRecoveryMessage::RecoverAvailableData(receipt, session, Option<backing_group_index>, response)`

1. Check the `availability_lru` for the candidate and return the data if so.
1. Check if there is already an interaction handle for the request. If so, add the response handle to it.
1. Otherwise, load the session info for the given session under the state of `live_block_hash`, and initiate an interaction with *`launch_interaction`*. Add an interaction handle to the state and add the response channel to it.
1. Check if there is already an recovery handle for the request. If so, add the response handle to it.
1. Otherwise, load the session info for the given session under the state of `live_block_hash`, and initiate a recovery task with *`launch_recovery_task`*. Add a recovery handle to the state and add the response channel to it.
1. If the session info is not available, return `RecoveryError::Unavailable` on the response channel.

### From-interaction logic
### Recovery logic

#### `FromInteraction::Concluded`

1. Load the entry from the `interactions` map. It should always exist, if not for logic errors. Send the result to each member of `awaiting`.

> 1. Add the entry to the `availability_lru`.

Reviewer 2: This logic is still there when `remote` is ready.

Author: The whole part regarding how this is handled is rather abstract in the guide compared to the actual impl. Either this needs a revamp (the guide) or we agree that details like these don't necessarily belong into the impl guide, since we are entering a more stable dev cycle.
